hello guys welcome to my channel today
we're going to discuss professions that
are very high in demand right now in the
United States so if you do not know what
you want to make in your life or if you
want to change your profession please
continue watching this video
my video is based on research conducted
by glass door and glass there is a
website where you should look for job in
the United States you can also use Dyson
Monster but glass door also allows you
to live anonymous reviews of employers
so people use mostly three of those
websites so if you're looking for a job
please make sure to post your resume on
that website so my ranking is based on
the amount of job openings that are
currently available on the market and
I'm gonna start with a profession that
has 1,100 openings and the professionals
called strategy manager strategy
managers earn around $130,000 a year and
they are responsible for making sure
that the company is going in the right
direction for example if you run a
company and you do not know which
direction you should go you should hire
strategy manager who would do a research
of your competitors of how you're doing
and say for example you need to go into
VR because VR is such a big thing and
its own hype right now but again it
depends on the strategy manager good
strategy managers normally have an MBA
degree and you can have an MBA degree
with concentration in strategic
management so consider doing an MBA if
you want to become a strategy manager
and earn around one hundred thirty
thousand dollars a year which is a
little more than ten thousand dollars a
month
oh wow the next profession is UX
designer and there are currently 1700
offerings of this position and people
who are UX designers earned ninety two
thousand five hundred dollars a year
what does UX designer do so imagine that
you're looking at two websites for
example
Airbnb all clear and nice and
booking.com which is all like flooded
with different messages and flooded with
different banners so this is what you
access the way you communicate with a
website and Airbnb Co X is nice and
clear bookings calm UX is completely
different but again the task of a UX
designer is to make sure that customers
are converting that are actually making
purchases and that they are
communicating with your website so both
designs both air mania mooking calm can
be alive and can work for companies and
UX designer normally would have IT
background but this is not required so
if you want to become a UX designer I
totally think that you can take
certificate courses that are like six or
nine months long and you can become a
professional in the sphere next
profession that has 2,000 openings
professionals earn one hundred twelve
thousand dollars a year called analytics
manager and this is the guy who analyzes
whatever is happening in your company
for example your traffic what your
customers do how much they pay what they
buy and the idea is to collect all the
data and make decisions based on data so
this is analytics manager I would say
you would need to have both business and
IT background for example my degree was
mathematical methods in economics and we
actually studied programs like EVs we
studied how to code because we needed to
analyze data and make decisions based on
that data so I think if you want to
become connected with data analysis
something between business and computer
science degree would be perfect for you
the next professions called solution
architect there are 2200 openings for
this position and people normally make a
hundred twenty five thousand a year
what does Solutions Architect do he
actually decides what kind of framework
should we use for this or that website
how it's gonna work how it gonna look
like from the technical point of view so
definitely a computer science background
will be a must for this profession so I
would say like bachelor's in computer
science and then you can either do
master's or you can go straight onto the
market and get work experience the next
profession has 2600 openings people own
a hundred six thousand dollars and this
is again connected with analyzing data
you've probably heard the word like two
words Big Data way too many times and
because big data is a big trend there is
so many apps in the market that collect
all of data for example uber like
millions of people use it and uber
founders and management need to
understand how people use the uber app
what they click where what they buy how
do they bring their drivers so this is
all about analytics it's all about data
and this is another profession connected
with data it's data engineer and these
guys actually create algorithms and
programs that are gonna collect all of
the data and then pass it on to other
people who are gonna analyze it but yes
data engineer is another profession that
is hugely in demand right now in the
United States the jobs that I'm talking
about are very very difficult to
automate so there's a really good chance
that if you graduate in like five years
of six years you're still gonna be able
to get a very good perspective on your
employment because these jobs are very
unlikely to be automated in five years
and if you graduate in a year I am 99%
sure that you're gonna be able to find
the employer that you're gonna love next
progression again computer science guys
so if you her deciding what you should
study I would decide we're in computer
science and business because this is
what we're talking about today all the
time and this profession is called this
is super funny word I find funny it's
called F up and there are 2,750 openings
for this position
DevOps specialists make hundred ten
thousand dollars a year and this guy's
actually decided how to automate
processes you know there is so many
companies that are trying to automate
things right now like us in lingo trip
we're trying and we are automating the
booking process of language courses and
there are so many companies that are
doing different kinds of automation this
is why many companies are in demand of a
talented dev ops guy and this is a
chance for you and you would need a
computer science background to become a
DevOps very soon we will be approaching
top three professions and now we have
another profession which is also
connected to business and this is called
tax manager this is the guy who makes
sure that you're paying the right amount
of tax
who is the intouch optimization which is
illegal and there are two types of tax
managers can be a like a personal text
manager or a corporate text manager the
average salary would be a hundred
twenty-five thousand dollars a year and
people who want to work as tax manager
are required to have a CPA license and
it's a good thing to consider business
degree so you can
have like bachelors in finance and then
get your CPA and then become a tax
manager there are currently 3300
openings for the tax manager position so
you have really good employment chances
if you are a tax manager profession
before we approach the top three
professions it's called database
administrator and as you might have
guessed from the name this is somebody
who manages database and computer
science degree is required there are
three thousand eight hundred job
offerings for this position right now
and the average salary is ninety three
thousand dollars okay here we go
top three three thousand eight hundred
openings ninety-five thousand dollars a
year hello marketing manager this is
something I wanted to do I actually
started to do my PhD in marketing but I
quitted because I started my business
and when I was applying for an MBA and
for my master's in the United States I
chose marketing because I think this is
one of the core jobs that should be done
in the company and marketing manager
decides what kind of marketing channels
the company's gonna use for example he
might advise the company to start a
YouTube channel or to concentrate more
on Google Adwords and he's gonna analyze
how different channels are performing
and i love-love-love analytics and i
love marketing and also there's this
thing called creative marketing where
you can think of how the ad should look
like so if you love marketing marketing
managers make 90 thousand dollars a year
something you might consider and it's in
top three most demanded professions in
the United States right now number two
again we are in computer science the
profession is called data scientist 4100
job offerings right now the average
salary is a hundred ten thousand dollars
a year and this is somebody who analyzes
all of the data that is collected in the
company and make sure that the decisions
are made based on that data and this is
a really really tough job because I'm
imagine you have like millions of users
who are using your app in different ways
and you need to kind of make decisions
based on what they're doing and there is
so many of them so data science is like
this magician who takes something like
really big and then analyzes it and make
sure other people understand what's
going on in the company okay and here we
go number one most demanded profession
in the United States I was surprised you
would be surprised and this is called a
chart manager 4,300 openings on the
market the salary is relatively local
too compared to the jobs that I
mentioned before the salary for this one
is $85,000 a year
what does HR manager - he actually hires
new people so at substation was
surprising for me but right now when I'm
thinking more like when I Drive in San
Francisco I see all of like those huge
billboards from Amazon which say hey
Amazon is hiring we need you we need
your talent Amazon and then the next
street you have the same billboard from
Google so this large corporations are
growing really fast making looks like
billions of revenues and they need to
hire more and more people and of course
they need people who are gonna make sure
that the candidate is right is gonna
interview the candidate make sure that
he feels comfortable in the company so
make sure that the process of one
boarding was correct and then he
controls the kpi's of these new
employees and make sure that they fit
within the company so these were eleven
professions that are in high demand in
the United States right now please let
me know if you found this video
interesting for you don't forget to like
it if you want something more on this
topic and let me know if it helped you
to decide who you want to become that
would be like great great thing for me
to hear thank you so much for watching
this video
do not forget to subscribe to this
channel because it is a lot more useful
videos and I'll see you soon bye bye
[Music]